 Considering how many adventurers tried before me, 
it's no surprise this cave seems dirty as it is; Considering how close this cave is to the entrance, 
the sudden change in temperature is scorching due to these molten rocks; Is it me or...are these walls bleeding ? 
They're still made of rocks but they bleed just like we do; This cave is observable from the entrance and considering how grand 
it may seems, it's understandable why this cavern is even challenged; This cave is filled with so many hanged corpses that it makes it 
hard to breathe in here, let alone the putrid smell...; The majestic looking cave seems to branch into this one, 
light reflects like crazy in here that it's blinding; I'm getting paranoid now that the entrance is out of sight, 
I may be going crazy but I'm hearing voices and seeing silhouettes; It's strange to say that a cave seems upside down, 
but it's reasonable when there's a river flowing on the ceiling.; As long as I think this is grass, I should be able to manage through this; Unlike other caves, this may be the closest cave to the entrance that 
nobody has made it into - not surprising how much I've been hurt; The voices are getting louder in here, and I'm quite 
certain I'm seeing the spirits of the corpses I've walked over; As I'm writing down the description of this cave, my pen echoes loudly into the cave. 
Breathing is enough to make a presence and anything more than clashing weapons is simply
a deafening scream to the ear; Regardless of how stupid I may sound writing this, 
I'm certain I've been here yet I feel so uncertain being here; I thought I've lost it but now the walls of these caves feel rubbery, 
I suppose it's a good thing if I wish to cushion my fall; Don't get deceived, these creatures here are only cute based 
on the monsters here, it's literally next to the hairy and disgusting cave; This narrow passage feels so long that my claustrophobia is really kicking in, 
it doesn't help knowing I have to potentially defend myself here; Read the bible... you'll know; I'm convinced that I'm no longer in a cave, it can't be. 
Looking down is simply an abyss with soft flesh around the walls, there's eyes peering into 
my soul. Tentacles that clearing debris and...ugh...; I better not stay here for too long, the fumes of these mushrooms are 
enough to make me hazy. Suppose it's not a good idea to eat them; My thoughts are being confirmed as I descend down what I described as an abyss. 
The feeling of paranoia and anxiety drowns my courage, I can't even begin to describe what 
I'm looking at. The word "disgusting" is an understatement; Everything in my body is telling me to run, I heard a legend that some 
dead king was here previously and lost his queen, now he's controlling the undead somewhere else. 
Wait...I hear loud breathing beyond this place; I'm beginning to speculate how our tavern has such a strange 
abundance of meat now... it's ungodly to even think for a second anyone would even 
manage to lay eyes on this mythical creature;